Start - Hey, I am Matt. This is Tom.
We are playing Jenga with a chess clock.
Jenga with a chess clock is huge for Jenga. . .
How do you do it so fast? !
Compared to ordinary Jenga, Jenga with a chess clock is a huge improvement.
If your timer runs out of time
Or you dumped the tower
You will lose.
Now, I explain how it works for those who don't understand.
It has two separate clocks
You can only use your time in your turn.
So at the moment... our remaining time is almost exactly the same.
Because I have some difficult moves,
Matt also has some difficult moves.
But now his time is less than me..........40 seconds left
But mine is not. So I have a little breathing time,
Only a little time!
But... this doesn't mean I will lose because I have to do difficult moves.
The trouble is that Matt is very good at martyrdom.
Having said that, Matt, you still lag behind me for 10 seconds.
Oh...oh, sure enough, you got that. can.
Can I get it? Can it.... Yes! Ok, I got it!
So the rules are the same as ordinary Jenga, you can't take the squares from the top two floors.
But let's get started.........
But except that you can take it all.
Matt, you still have ten seconds....... Oh, not good.....
God, I almost lost. Oh, Tom, you still have 25 seconds...
17 seconds. This is absolutely no problem for you.
There are still 13 seconds, Matt.
So what Tom needs to do is not to let the tower fall over.
But my timer will run out quickly.
Oh, but I need to find a square to move...
Ah! AAAAH!
You have 15 seconds left, Tom.
Ok. I am fine. I am fine, I am fine,
12 seconds, Matt.
10 seconds left, Tom.
Ah! This is very good, very good, very good, I am very good...
Five...four...
Fives! four! three! two!
Ah, don't!
This is Jenga with a chess clock.
This is much better than the original.
[Bionie's Lyon Xie translates and proofreads]